# class-project

My web application is designed so that it can keep track of two table lists at once. This way, I can refer to the two table lists without having to write them on paper and potentially losing that piece of paper. Obviously, I can go ahead and change the table titles to other stuff than what I have them set up as in this project. This is interesting to me because I enjoyed working on the shopping list web application that we spend a great majority of our course time on. It is also very interesting to me because, as mentioned prior, it removes the fact that I have to write down my table lists on paper and risk losing the paper. In brief, this may not be the most complicated project ever, but it is done on something I truly enjoyed working on during our course and wanted to explore more on how to create a website that is not only used for a grocery list (or any other table lists), but rather used to keep all the table lists I may need (in this project I chose to go with two table lists because I wanted time to study for my exams and finish other class project).

In this project, my web application requires at least two data tables as this application is used to keep track of different things that may not all fit into the same category or genre. Furthermore, my application requires a very small table containing the information of the two data tables. With that small table, I am able to select everything that is in the "Tasks" table, or everything that is in the "Christmas" table. Those two data tables are as follows: I have a table list for Christmas gift ideas (with approximated price column) and a table list for things needed to be accomplished before the end of the calendar year. Since these two tables do not keep track of information that are similar, the web application requires more than one table. The "Task" Table is simply all the tasks I need to accomplish tabulated into a table with one column. However, I added to the "Christmas" List Table a second column so that the people viewing my "Christmas List" can have a general idea of the price of the item requested.

In this project, I used SQL methods because to me, it is a bit more straight-forward to use. Since I do not have the biggest experience in coding, I chose to go with what was simplest for me. Additionally, my data that I created for this project is not complex whatsoever, so SQL can easily handle such non complex data. To me, there was no need to gravitate towards Mongo if my application and data is not complex.

We can note that I have a search feature for the Christmas List table, but it does not fully work as I was unable to make it return any messages. I am sure I have some coding mistakes in the Bottle format, and researching online only told me that Bottles was not the best choice to employ for web applications. At least, the feature is there, but it is not working, unfortunately. We can also note that I can get joins between tables (inner joins, etc.) and slect informations based on conditions set (ex: where task_id = list_id), but in a web application coding language, this would not work for me.
